Created hr tag entry (#1002)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/hr/hr.md

---
Title: '<hr>'

> Description: 'Used to draw represent a semantic break between text elements.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Represents a semantic, horizontal line break between text elements.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:

>   - 'Elements'
>   - 'Tags'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Semantic'
  - 'Tags'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<hr>`** element is used to represent a semantic break between text elements. For example, a switch in topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<hr>`** (or horizontal rule) element represents a semantic line break between text elements (e.g., a topic-change within a section).
```

> **Note:** The **`<hr>`** tag is only for semantic distinction. Best practice to create a horizontal line for presentational purposes is to use [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The **`<hr>`** tag is only for semantic distinction. Best practice to create a horizontal line for presentational purposes is to use [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css).
```

Our current preference is to set off **Note** items in a blockquote.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth it to explain past usage vs. current usage. We have many historical notes like that through the HTML elements entries.

> > **Note:** Originally, the tag was used to create a horizontal line for visual purposes. However, now the **`<hr>`** tag is only for semantic distinction. Best practice to create a horizontal line for presentational purposes is to use [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While the `<hr>` element was originally created for visual purposes, it is now used for semantic distinction. Styling with [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) is now recommended for creating a horizontal line for presentational purposes.
```

No need to bold `<hr>` after the first mention on line # 15.

## Syntax

```html
<hr />
```

> The `<b>` element should only contain text or other tags meant for text content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer 2: We like to have a one sentence description preceding the example.

> The `<hr>` element should be used to seperate other elements at a semantic break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<hr>` element is self-closing and the forward slash `/` is optional. This should be used to semantically separate other elements (e.g., a topic-change within a section).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the following example, the `<hr>` element provides a semantic break between the text of two [`<p>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/paragraphs) elements:

```

```html

> <p>This is a paragraph</p>
> <hr />
> <p>This is a different paragraph</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>This is a paragraph.</p>
<hr />
<p>This is a different paragraph.</p>
```
